Hello and welcome to one
new episode of 54 tv we are today too
guest in the district league where the sg is
the sg ruwertal with 2 to 1 after one
exciting game now follows the follow
tune and play scenes
I wish you much fun my
page lukas kramp the man of the game
would you like yourself as a matchwinner of the
designate game
No, that was the power of the whole
team
I had scored goal but everything
secondary matter what applied
you have better in the second half
made as in the first half have
we were much better in
fight and have made the gates
great thank you nice nasty on my side
jan stoffels the trainer of the sg ruwertal
how did the game run out of sight?
today yes I think that we in the
first half of the game
the better team were
I think also makes deserved 1 0
was gone and the sticking point was
in the second half 15 minutes
later
or just had the chance to
to the 20th
otherwise within five minutes the
we got both goals
just unfocused and have im
Center has granted the lukas kramp
let a player decide
then I have this game despite everything
me with the team with the performance
that she showed today too
rear up after these two saudums
I am very satisfied and
we are just getting lots of positive things
for the first home game on Sunday against
Take dörbach in kasel with you
thanks to my side is peter shoe
the trainer of the sg irsch der schuh
first congratulations on the victory from probably
key today to the success of the key
the success was clearly due to the fact that
morys christoph von wuppertal die
Great chance to give 2 0 has been good
your team was something in the beginning
Surprised about the research
the guests have not been surprised here
By no means did we know about the strength of
Ruwertal and we knew that they
play scary well play compact
and are certain eerie soon and must
also clearly say the goods were up
one hour to the big chance
to need or to our
equalizer by lukas kramp
make it quite clear the better team
been
so they would untermStrich by a
happy victory talking absolutely absolutely
happy victory being backwards
has just got a huge chance
updates can be even higher but
the decisive phase was certainly
the chance for 2 0 for wuppertal me
then thank god
shortly after have equalized to 1 1
and the 2 1 of smoother happier
win and we are satisfied with it
and how do you rate the performance up
now considered over the whole season
from your team after the first one
five games
we are absolutely silver with the dots
So satisfied with 271 in one
defeat we are absolutely in the should and
there is still much to be improved
and we will work and hope for that
that on saturday we are in the heavy class
play in the race of the opponent he
may underestimate even stop
do not get along much better like today in
the first half super thank you very much